Enhancing installation instructions (#9392)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_snowflake-column-size.md

- If the command returns `No nodes selected!`, no action is required.
- If the command returns one or more models (for example, `Found 1000 models, 644 macros`), you may be impacted if those models have string columns that don't specify a width. In that case, upgrade to a version that includes the fix:

>     - **<Constant name="core" />**: `dbt-snowflake` v1.10.6 or later. For upgrade instructions, see [Upgrade adapters](/docs/local/install-dbt) in the dbt Core v1 installation instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **<Constant name="core" />**: `dbt-snowflake` v1.10.6 or later. For upgrade instructions, refer to [Upgrade adapters](/docs/local/install-dbt) in the <Constant name="core" /> v1 installation instructions.
```
